DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"


Jellyneo.net | Neopets Help, Neopets Guides, Neopets Avatar Solutions, and Neopets News!





















Services Portal
My Wishlists
Your Dailies
Goal Counters
My AC Record
Daily Dare Stats
Account Settings
Logout







Neopets News
Crossword Answers
Daily Puzzle
JN Updates







All Articles
Altador Plot Guide
Neopets Dailies List







Game Guides A-Z
Key Quest Guide
Petpet Park Guide
Master Cheats List
Make 30k NP a Day!
New Game Challenge
Game Graveyard







Newest Avatars
Clickables
Games
Pets/Petpets
Expensive/Items
Battledome
Other
Retired
Annual
AvatarLog
Neoboard Fonts







All Goodies &amp; Tools
Custom REs
BD Generator
Old Pet Poses
Pound Fee Calculator
Hex Color Codes







Home Page
Newest Items
Wearables
Special Searches
Advanced Search
My Wishlists
Book Checklist
Gourmet Checklist







Book of Ages
Jellyneo Editorial
Editorial Database
The Jellyneo Forums
Guide to Neopia
jnPortal
Pet Directory
The Rainbow Pool
DrSloth Neopets Images
Neoboard Fonts
The Neopian Museum
In-Depth Battlepedia
















&laquo;
January
&raquo;


Jan 3 - Aisha DayJan 6 - Gnorbu DayJan 11 - Buzz DayJan 14 - Sloth DayJan 16 - Elephante DayJan 29 - Kacheek Day













Homepage
Site Prefs
F.A.Q.
Contact Us
History
Link to JN
Staff Listing
Now Hiring
Coming Soon
Past Contests
Purchase Web Hosting
Help JN Stay Online!








hits since Aug 24, 2004





Your jnAccount: Login or Register | New to Jellyneo? Click here!

Welcome to Jellyneo.net!
Welcome to Jellyneo, the #1 ad-free Neopets help site! We offer hints and tips for every part of Neopets. If you're new to the world of Neopia, why not start out by checking out our index of articles and Neopets game guides? After that, go take a tour of Neopia. If you're an experienced user and already know the ropes, then visit our Neopets Item Database containing info on every item in Neopia. We also offer a JN staff-written editorial, Neopian character listing, Neopet directory, and so much more! While you're at it, register a jnAccount. It'll get you access to all of our jnAccount-only features. And best of all, Jellyneo is completely free!
Pick your news: Neopets News   | Faerie Crossword Answers | Site Updates | Daily Puzzle 





	Free Valentines Goodie Bag in the NC Mall!
	


Posted by Suzuka
Posted on February 10, 2011, 10:11 am NST





	The NC Mall has a brand new freebie - the Hearts Valentine Goodie Bag! You can claim it on the main page of the mall.


Aren't I just lovely?

Opening this Goodie Bag will give you the Heart Balloon Arch.




Help us model your wearables! (And collect pet emotions, too!)




Make a comment!








	Lenny Day Goodies
	


Posted by Nynex
Posted on February 8, 2011, 4:24 pm NST





Clothing:


Plushies:

Magma | Rainbow


Help us model your wearables! (And collect pet emotions, too!)




Make a comment!








	Now Hiring: Petpet Park Crew, Monkey Quest + more!
	


Posted by Dave
Posted on February 8, 2011, 12:25 am NST






Jellyneo is looking to bring some fresh faces to our staff lineup. We're currently looking to hire for our Petpet Park Crew, along with someone to act as our Monkey Quest Guide Moderator. And as always, we'd love to add some new staffers to our Content Department.

If you're interested in applying for any of those positions, please check out our Now Hiring page for full details. The Petpet Park Crew and content positions are open indefinitely, but we'd like all of the Monkey Quest Moderator applications in by February 12th (this Saturday).



Help us model your wearables! (And collect pet emotions, too!)




Make a comment!








	Bonus Crafting Faerie Quest!
	


Posted by Suzuka
Posted on February 10, 2011, 9:54 am NST





	Don't forget to visit the Faerie Quests page every day until February 24th for a free item and guaranteed quest!  (You can check out our guide here.)  You can also add Faerie Quests to your Custom Dailies to make sure you don't forget!

If you've been good and done a quest every day so far, after completing today's quest you will receive a bonus quest from Delina the Crafting Faerie.  Her quests require items from the NC Mall (two items at 75NC each).  


Most of my prizes are pretty snazzy, though...


Help us model your wearables! (And collect pet emotions, too!)




Make a comment!








	Caption Contest 1185
	


Posted by Nynex
Posted on February 9, 2011, 2:50 pm NST





	The Moltara Lava Monster is heating things up in this next caption.


Could it be...a mysterious pile of snow?


Help us model your wearables! (And collect pet emotions, too!)




Make a comment!


&laquo; First | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 | Last &raquo;

Like what you see?Bookmark JN!
Get JN updates viaTwitter!
Get your Neopets newsby RSS feed!
Looking for older Neopets news?



About Us | Contact Us | Report Error | Site Prefs | My jnAccount











Our Affiliates:






 
&copy; 1999-2011 Neopets, Inc. All rights reserved. Used With Permission
All content not containing Neopets images is &copy; Jellyneo 2004-2011.
No content is allowed to be used on another website.





More Affiliates
















