


BORN TRUE HERMAPHRODITE - Pictorial Profile















BORN TRUE HERMAPHRODITE - Pictorial Profile


BORN TRUE HERMAPHRODITE - 
Pictorial 
Profile>Lynn Edward 
Harris, born Lynn Elizabeth Harris, 
09/13/50 at 6:12 p.m. P.D.T. in the city of 
Orange, California, USA, 
south of the Los Angeles County line.On 
November 8th, 1973 at age 23 
Harris was clinically diagnosed by a team of 
specialists as possessing a rare, 
complex, congenital condition known as "True 
Hermaphroditism" [Intersex] with
undescended, sub-sized ovotestes i.e. 
"gonadal mosaicism" found in approximately 
1-in-25,000 births. [Statistic source: New 
England Journal of Medicine, 
01/14/98.]Due to ambiguously-formed 
genitalia at birth [stunted penis;
divided scrotum; and vagina], Harris,  
(mal)assigned "female" by both
parents and pediatrician, was raised as such 
and continued living in said 
social gender role until age 29 (1979) --- 
six years after the disclosure
of this fixed, irreversible, yet-evolving 
biological state.After puberty,
minor neurological problems eventually 
abated. Sexual development remained 
at a pubertal level while naturally-occurring 
virilization of secondary characteristics 
compounded. As Harris' anatomy had developed 
clearly along non-female
lines i.e. no breasts, no milk glands, no 
child-bearing hips, no menses, 
sterility; early beard growth, male vocal 
chords, male skeletal structure,
male musculature, male libido, male genetic 
patterning, he felt justified to 
elect to live full-time in the male social 
gender role beginning February, 1979.
For the following four years (1979 to 
1983) he lived in a sexual legal limbo,
still carrying the original-and-only, valid 
female I.D. which now appeared both 
obsolete and fraudulent. On numerous 
occasions when asked for proof of 
identification,
he was accused of strangely utilizing a 
'counterfeit' or 'stolen' I.D. card belonging
to some woman.Desire for a permanent legal 
remedy to rectify all I.D., thus making
it consistent with his outward persona, had 
become crucial. The subject approached the
Superior Court, County of Los Angeles, wrote 
his own petition and pled his own case for 
1) a change of middle name from "Elizabeth" 
to "Edward"; and 2) a re-issued birth 
certificate
changing the sex designation from "female" to 
"male".Based upon his unusual, documented 
medical history, on February 18, 1983 the 
Court, realizing the case had merit, granted 
the
two-part request by favorably adjudicating 
Case # 437625. With the judge's signature, 
Lynn
Elizabeth Harris no longer existed:   She had 
become a legal non-entity.Within a 
30-day grace period following the Court 
proceeding, said change was registered as 
legally 
required with the Social Security 
Administration, the Secretary of State, and 
the State Registrar
of Vital Statistics. State and public 
agencies, intended to function as 
"subservient" to the
courts, are obligated to enforce and comply 
with all rulings as handed down.In a
blatant and unconscionable fashion the Vital 
Statistics Branch dared to supersede the 
Superior
Court and rejected the simple filing of the 
matter because -- as was stipulated in their 
California 
Health and Safety Code -- 'no plastic 
surgeon's affidavit of surgery had 
accompanied the approved, 
submitted petition.'However, within said 
code, no clause existed which mandated one's 
person to 
'go under the knife' in order to obtain 
"characteristics of the opposite sex" -- 
whatever they may 
be. Since any type of "sex reassignment" 
surgical procedure to define his ambiguous 
anatomy had 
never been his objective at any time, in his 
petition Harris -- even after having 
investigated the 
pros and cons -- disavowed any need for 
possible risk of mutilation, disfigurement, 
and / or rejection 
of foreign implants. Unequivocally, Lynn 
Edward Harris had proven to the Court -- but 
not to the 
Sacramento bureaucrats who, then, deigned to 
issue an amended Birth Certificate reading 
"Lynn Edward Harris"
/ "Female" -- that Nature had bestowed upon 
him "characteristics of the opposite sex" 
from 
birth.Harris, denigrated by this mockery 
of his civil status, was already making 
preparations to
sue the state and / or approach an Appellate 
Court for enforcement of his case which had 
seen prior
favorable adjudication.After a four-month 
delay, the Chief of the Vital Statistics 
Branch fully 
recanted and admitted to having mis-handled 
the filing from the start. Finally, the 
preferred middle 
name combined with, not an amended, but a 
brand new Certificate of Live Birth with sex 
designation
listed as "male" was formally issued on June 
2, 1983. All records of the original female 
middle name 
and female birth certificate from 1950 were 
permanently frozen and sealed for 
life.This case, which
the Vital Statistics Branch could never 
define in their terms as having "an opposite 
sex," has gone 
uncontested and unchallenged by other 
bureaucratic, legal, and medical authorities. 
Subsequently, Harris 
is presumed to have set the landmark or legal 
precedent in California, if not the nation, 
of one's 
obtaining a legal sex revision without 
benefit of any cosmetic or reconstructive 
"sex reassignment"-type
surgery.Further details are outlined in 
Harris' copyrighted [as yet unpublished] 
autobiographical
manuscript, "More Lives Than One".Harris 
has become a pioneer / spokesman for Intersex 
freedoms and 
transgender social justice; an advocate for a 
moratorium on surgeons' gratuitous, so-called 
"corrective"
or "normalizing" genital operations, 
customarily performed on Intersexed neonates 
before they reach an age 
to render informed consent --- unless 
dramatic genital ailments or malformations 
(often caused by life-threatening
metabolic disorders) are present and surgery 
is warranted. Genital modification is not a 
panacea.
It could facilitate one's "apparent" social 
sex (re)classification on paper; but it could 
never automatically
revamp ones "actual" or "true" (often 
inconsistent and conflicting) chromosomes, 
genes, gonadal composition,
glandular / hormonal output, overall brain 
circuitry and, in turn, one's inherent gender 
identification and 
sexual proclivity.Mr. Harris and his case 
since garnered publicity and media exposure 
in six different
countries and now appears on the world wide 
web. He has also amassed over 100 credits as 
a widely-published author, collaborator and 
contributor of
articles in academic textbooks, journals, 
anthologies, and popular books in the 
burgeoning field of Human 
Sexuality; and as a guest lecturer / panelist 
at universities, colleges, medical trade 
seminars, private
sector organizations; and on 
nationally-syndicated radio and television 
programs.Lynn Edward Harris
is single, resides in Los Angeles, 
California, leads a mainstream lifestyle and 
is a devotee of all classic
arts, cultural events, antiques, travel, and 
metaphysics. Any inquiries for additional 
information or professional
bookings may be e-mailed to the address 
listed below.copyright 1998 Lynn E. 
Harris, all rights 
reserved.







Email:  mrleharris@hotmail.com



