DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"














Hermaphrodite Images






























How to Lose Weight


                                        Flickr: alan_cleaver2000
                                    





Olive Garden Coupons


                                        Olive Garden
                                    





McDonalds Coupons


                                        Flickr: Håkan Dahlstrom
                                    





How to Format a Hard Drive


                                        Flickr: gary j wood
                                    





Holiday Video Game Guides






Halo Reach Walkthrough


                                        Bungie
                                    





How to Cook a Turkey


                                        Flickr: tuchodi
                                    





Lowe&#39;s 10% Off Coupon


                                        Flickr: Chris-362
                                    





Starcraft 2 Walkthrough


                                        YouTube: MahaloVideoGames
                                    





Ruby Tuesday Coupons


                                        RubyTuesday
                                    





How to Open a Bottle of Wine Without a Corkscrew


                                        Flickr: Yashima
                                    













login&nbsp;&nbsp;or&nbsp;
                            register
                                &nbsp;

                                






















Mahalo.com
Mahalo How To
Mahalo Answers
Mahalo Store




















Hermaphrodite Images



Categories:
Health
|
Parenting
|
Social Science
|
Sociology
|
Society &amp; Culture
|
Biology
|
Anatomy Physiology












Hermaphrodite Fast Facts



Oldest Recorded Tales of Human Hermaphrodites: Plato's Symposium
http://www.cyberpat.com/shirlsite/essays...

Preferred Term for Hermaphrodites: Intersexual People
http://www.romanceopedia.com/A-BeingInte...

Self Reproduction: Not possible

Origin of name: Hermaphroditus' name is derived from those of his parents Hermes and Aphrodite.
http://www.theoi.com/Ouranios/ErosHermap...

Sexual organs: Hermaphrodites are born with both male and female sexual organs
http://www.jax-inter.net/~help/sexdiff.h...





















Hermaphrodites are people or animals who are born with both male and female reproductive organs. The outward physical appearance of human hermaphrodites may skew more toward male or female, but the genitalia and reproductive system will still exist ambiguously. Different hermaphrodite humans may have different systemic characteristics: Some hermaphrodites will have a both a penis and a vagina, while others will have a phallus that is somewhere between a penis and a clitoris, and partially closed labia. Human hermaphrodites may or may not have breasts at the same time as having a partial- or full-size penis. Many hermaphrodites will experience menstrual cycles and bleeding, although infertility is a noted and widespread problem among hermaphrodites. This is not always the case though, as in the 1600s, a hermaphrodite living as a woman in Scotland was put to death (buried alive) for impregnating "her" master's daughter.http://8e.devbio.com/article.php?id=266 Human hermaphrodites cannot self-reproduce as they are not born with two complete sets of reproductive systems, causing some key elements in biological reproduction to be missing from the equation.http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2843/can-hermaphrodites-get-themselves-pregnant

In modern day, many hermaphrodites are "assigned" a gender at birth according to which gender seems to be most dominant. Many human rights groups lobby against such an "assignment", which is often surgically performed and permanent (shortening a phallus or closing up the labia). Most physicians and people of ambiguous gender in today's world prefer to use the term "intersexual" to refer to hermaphrodites.

Although documented cases of intersexuality in humans have existed since the beginning of humanity, tales of the existence of such people has, at times, passed into myth and lore. Even today, so many people doubt or question the existence that photos of hermaphrodites are widely circulated around the Internet. This page will help you to find images of intersexual people to satisfy all manner of curiosity.
        
    











Famous Stories About Hermaphrodites


        
            1. Plato's Symposium (fiction) - According to Plato, the original perfect human form was hermaphrodite. But when the god, Zeus, decided humanity had gotten too numerous, he split humanity, into male and female parts, causing humans to spend most of their sexually separate lives trying to find each other and rejoin.http://8e.devbio.com/article.php?id=266

2. Levi Suydam (non-fiction) - In 1843 Salisbury, Connecticut, Levi Suydam tried to register as a Whig voter, but came upon objections that he was, in fact, a she, making it illegal for him/her to vote. To address the objection, Levi was examined by a doctor who clearly saw that he had a penis, and gave the okay for him to vote in the election. Levi did just that, and the Whigs won the election by one vote. Later, it was discovered that Levi had been menstruating and had well-developed breasts.http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2843/can-hermaphrodites-get-themselves-pregnant
 
3. Caster Semenya (non-fiction) - In 2009, South African world champion runner Caster Semenya was questioned about her gender after an amazing running performance, and based on her somewhat masculine features. Semenya, who was raised since birth as a girl, underwent gender identification tests that proved she has breasts, no womb or ovaries, and testosterone levels that are three times higher than most women.http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/2009/09/10/2009-09-10_caster_semenya_.html The test results verified that Semenya is a hermaphrodite, and eventually she was allowed to return to international women's running competitions.
        
    





Examples of Non-Human Hermaphrodites


        
            In humans, hermaphroditism  is relatively rare. But elsewhere in nature, it is far more common. Among plants especially, it is quite common. In fact, hermaphrodite papayas are considered quite desirable, since they are the tastiest and most productive, compared to the male and female papaya counterparts. Many invertebrates can also be hermaphrodites, including slugs, snails, earthworms, and barnacles. 

There is also evidence in certain species of what is called "sequential hermaphroditism," where a creature will begin as one gender, and change to another at some point in life. This happens with certain types of fish (including clown fish) and frogs.http://www.intersexinitiative.org/articles/funfacts.html






Hermaphrodites in Pop Culture


Star Wars - Jabba the Hutt and the entire fictional race of Hutts are hermaphrodites.

South Park - Cartman's mom is rumored to be a hermaphrodite.

Star Trek: New Frontier - The Hermats are a species of hermaphrodites. Lieutenant Commander Burgoyne 172 is a Hermat and displays characteristics of both genders.

Spore - All of the creatures created in this Electronic Arts video game are hermaphroditic.http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/top-10s/2009/09/11/top-10-hermaphrodite-facts-and-famous-hermaphrodites-115875-21665726/

Jamie Lee Curtis - The famous Hollywood actress is rumored to be a hermaphrodite, though no evidence has ever gone public to support this rumor, and the actress has firmly denied the claims.

Lady Gaga - The famous singer is rumored to be a hermaphrodite, based on images of her appearing at concerts with a noticeable bulge in the crotch area. No solid evidence has ever been made public to suggest that she is a hermaphrodite, and Lady Gaga has denied it is true.
        
    












Hermaphrodite in the Louvre Museum, Paris



      


        Hellenistic sculpture, greek art in the Louvre Museum, Paris. This is a Roman copy of a greek original from Polyclès. II BC. Hermaphroditus' name is d ...
        read more


        Hellenistic sculpture, greek art in the Louvre Museum, Paris. This is a Roman copy of a greek original from Polyclès. II BC. Hermaphroditus' name is derived from those of his parents Hermes and Aphrodite, and is the forerunner for what today we refer to as "hermaphrodites".
    



Comments (0)








Write a comment...











Hermaphrodite Statue at the Louvre Museum in Paris






        This is a Roman copy of an original Greek statue portraying Hermaphroditus (son of Hermes and Aphrodite). The statue, which is displayed a ...
        read more


        This is a Roman copy of an original Greek statue portraying Hermaphroditus (son of Hermes and Aphrodite). The statue, which is displayed at the Louvre museum in Paris, France depicts a person with both male and female physical characteristics.
    



Comments (0)








Write a comment...











&quot;Hermaphrodite and a Dog in Carnival&quot; Picture by Diane Arbus






        This famous hermaphrodite photograph was taken by well-known artist Diane Arbus in 1970, and is called "Hermaphrodite and a Dog in Carnival". The ...
        read more


        This famous hermaphrodite photograph was taken by well-known artist Diane Arbus in 1970, and is called "Hermaphrodite and a Dog in Carnival". The hermaphrodite in the image is unnamed and no details are give about him/her, aside from the implication that he/she found employment in a carnival, presumably as a sideshow attraction or "freak".
    



Comments (0)








Write a comment...











&quot;Hermaphrodite&quot; Picture by Arthur Tress






        This photo was a still taken in 1973 by famous photographer Arthur Tress in New York. The piece is entitled, "Hermaphrodite." Tress has been a profess ...
        read more


        This photo was a still taken in 1973 by famous photographer Arthur Tress in New York. The piece is entitled, "Hermaphrodite." Tress has been a professional photographer since 1968, and took this shot relatively early in his career with a hermaphrodite in the foreground, and statues of Venus and Mars flanking this person on either side.
    



Comments (0)








Write a comment...











Hermaphrodite Images Images Powered by Bing and Google






                
                    like as a hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Hermaphrodite behind Venus and
                
            







                
                    &#39;Hermaphrodite Polar Bear&#39;
                
            







                
                    admits being hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Semenya Hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    of Hermaphrodite in the
                
            







                
                    of Hermaphrodite in the
                
            







                
                    Lady Gaga Is A Hermaphrodite!
                
            







                
                    lady gaga hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Le Louvre - Hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Lady GaGa Hermaphrodite Photo
                
            














                    view more images...
                    








Hermaphrodite Images Images Powered by Bing and Google






                
                    As a columnist who regularly
                
            







                
                    Arthur Tress&#39;s Hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    jamie-lee-curtis-hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    Hermaphrodite endormi
                
            







                
                    it is also a hermaphrodite
                
            







                
                    hermaphrodite marijuana plant
                
            
















Hermaphrodite Images Blogs








Métamorphoses ovidiennes, Hermaphrodite et Salmacis


                        Hermaphrodite - Louvre - Google Images. Ovide nous conte ici l'histoire d'Hermaphrodite, ce jeune homme d'une blancheur éclatante, enfermé à jamais avec le corps de la naïade Salmacis. Le terme d'hermaphrodite qu...

                             
                    
mythes-et-legendes.suite101.fr







I&#39;m starting to want an R - 1130cc.com: The #1 Harley Davidson V ...


                        Hermaphrodite 2:1 adjustable exhaust, PCIII, Works Street Trackers, Racetech fork springs and cartridge emulators, JE Illusions 300C rear fender, D headlight nacel, Joker machine mirrors, Fitzgerald 26T pulley, 260 metz, various s...

                        
                            (January 27, 2011)

1130cc.com







Ciara interview about being a man - Inshow images of playing ...


                        she admited to being a hermaphrodite which mean she was born both a guy nd gurl xxx. alexis2love Says: November 28th, 2010 at 11:10 pm. her hair was long as a child i wonder if it is still long!!! lol!!! NorthCanoeG5 Says: ...
(November 28, 2010)

madhotrnb.com







Hermaphrodite costume, Pomona College


                        Some cool College Information images: Hermaphrodite costume, Pomona College Image by Claremont Colleges Digital Library Image Title: Hermaphrodite costume, Pomona College. Description/Notes: A male student dressed as...

                        
                            (January 25, 2011)

aboutmycollege.com












                        view more blogs...
                        







Hermaphrodite Images News








Cindy Sherman: Me, myself and I


                        She's a Hitchcock heroine, a busty Monroe, an abuse victim, a terrified centrefold, a corpse, a Caravaggio, a Botticelli, a mutilated hermaphrodite sex doll ...

                        
                            (January 14, 2011)

The Guardian







Postcard from Amsterdam: Homeless conversations


                        Her evil twin--an invisible hermaphrodite--has been haunting her since birth. The computer chip in her head was stolen by Bill Gates, who also stole her ...


                        
                            (January 20, 2011)

Al-Masry Al-Youm







Lady Gaga Director Loves His Short Film


                        The biography, main ideas, the masks, the couture outfits, the female revolution, even the rumour about being a hermaphrodite(which really happened to Ysan ...


                        
                            (January 21, 2011)

MTV.com












Hermaphrodite Images Links&nbsp; Powered by Google








Photobucket | hermaphrodite Pictures, hermaphrodite Images ...


                        View  hermaphrodite Pictures, hermaphrodite Images, hermaphrodite Photos on Photobucket. Share them with your friends on MySpace or upload your own!
                    
photobucket.com







Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Picture

mahalo.com







Lady GaGa Is a Hermaphrodite (Pictures, Video) | Bumpshack.com

bumpshack.com







hermaphrodite Facts, information, pictures | Encyclopedia.com ...

encyclopedia.com







Hermaphrodite pictures and videos on Webshots


                        Hermaphrodite?vhost=www pictures, videos, images and albums from Webshots.
                    
webshots.com












                        view more links...
                        













Hermaphrodite Images Videos Powered by YouTube







                
                    Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Pictures Video
                
            





            
                0:43&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Intersex True-Hermaphrodite
                
            





            
                10:01&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    New Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Proof Photos!!!
                
            





            
                0:42&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Rumour Confirmed!!!!
                
            





            
                0:46&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Taffy Formika
                
            





            
                1:18&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Holy Sh*t Do You See That Cow?
                
            





            
                4:28&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Ed's stuck in Roy's Gravity
                
            





            
                3:49&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    DumbFuck of the Week 8: Man who likes Hermaphrodite Teens - Freakout Freakshow
                
            





            
                5:11&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Go Nagai Devilman Ryo Asuka Satan amv tribute
                
            





            
                3:07&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Lady Gaga is a Hermaphrodite Picture Proof, SO WHAT!
                
            





            
                2:46&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite - NEW VIDEO with her !!!
                
            





            
                1:36&nbsp;
            
            





                
                    Echogram imaging a year before surgery
                
            





            
                10:33&nbsp;
            
            











                    view more videos...
                    














Mahalo Answers for Hermaphrodite Images










about Hermaphrodite Images...

read more











Can a hermaphrodite have sex with themselves?
2 Answers

no&nbsp;read more











can they have children
1 Answer

not give birth&nbsp;read more











i want to see pictures of hermaphrodites

read more











                view more questions...
                





References






ask any question





about Hermaphrodite Images...

140 characters left

 ask anonymously




Featured Mahalo Topics





2011 Golden Globe Awards


                                Flickr: Joe Shlabotnik 
                            





2010-11 NFL Playoffs


                                YouTube: mick5000x
                            





How to Play Guitar for Newbies


                                Flickr: R.C. Photography -KCMO 
                            





Candy Coupons


                                Flickr: terren in Virginia
                            


















Related Mahalo Pages





Hermaphrodites


Intersex


Lady Gaga


Jamie Lee Curtis


Infertility


Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Picture


Caster Semenya


Diane Arbus









                        About this page
                    





Discuss on the Message Board
Embed this Page
Share this page&nbsp;
View Page History
















Featured Pages





2010 Hurricane Forecasts 






Snag a Job






How to Grill Salmon






Golden Corral Coupons






Red Lobster Coupons






How to Consolidate Debt








Report a Problem | 
        Contact Mahalo | 
        Terms of Service | 
        Privacy Policy | 
        Advertisers
         | 
            RSS for this page | 
            CC License 3.0

        &copy;2007-2011 Mahalo.com Incorporated.










Lose Weight by Taking the Stairs


                                        Flickr: felipe_gabaldon
                                    





How to Become a Pharmacist


                                        Flickr: DavidDennisPhotos.com
                                    





How to Bake a Potato


                                        Flickr: FotoosVanRobin
                                    





LensCrafters Coupons


                                        LensCrafters Coupons
                                    





How To Make Pumpkin Bread


                                        Flickr: seanhabig
                                    





How to Get Pregnant


                                        Flickr: Schwangerschaft
                                    





Butterball Turkey Coupons


                                        Butterball
                                    





Recognize Sexual Addiction


                                        Flickr: Davidchief
                                    





Bluetooth in 2010 Honda Accord


                                        Flickr: Rennett Stowe
                                    





Craigslist Cars For Sale


                                        Flickr: stevoarnold
                                    





Justin Bieber Concert Tickets


                                        justinbiebermusic.com
                                    





American Eagle Coupons


                                        American Eagle
                                    





Dunkin&#39; Donuts Coupons


                                        Dunkin&#39; Donuts
                                    





Get A First Class Upgrade


                                        Flickr: Richard Moross
                                    





How to Cook Asparagus


                                        Flickr: Pamramsey
                                    





Risen Walkthrough


                                        YouTube: CDune23
                                    








































