DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"


Facts about penis size





















Advertisement






 	
												
										 		Advertisement
					
					
           Home    Site map Follow us on Facebook Follow us on twitter      Diseases and conditions    Accidents and first aid Aches and pains ADHD Allergy and asthma Brain and nervous system Cancer Depression   Diabetes Digestive health Ear, nose and throat Erectile dysfunction Eyes Heart and blood Infections   Liver, kidney and urinary system Lungs Mouth and teeth Pregnancy and family Skin and hair     Healthy living    Beauty Children's health Complementary health Diet and nutrition Men's health   Parenting Recipes Seniors' health Sex and relationships Smoking, alcohol and drugs   Sports and fitness Teenage health Travel health Wellbeing Women's health     Health A-Zs   Diseases and conditions A - Z Examinations and tests A - Z   Medicines A - Z Support groups A - Z   Surgical and cosmetic procedures A - Z Videos A - Z     Health services   Ask the doctor Competitions and offers Discussion forums Get a quote for private treatment Health services guide   News News - behind the headlines Newsletters Online doctor service Pregnancy email service   StayQuit - 90-day stop smoking programme Test yourself Weight loss programme         


   Sex and relationships   All about sex  Men's sexual response Women's sexual response Work woes: sex difficulties in busy people Porn and relationships   Video  Female sex problems  Male sex problems  Relationship problems    Online doctor service  Contraceptive pill Emergency contraception Chlamydia test Chlamydia and gonorrhoea test Chlamydia treatment Erectile dysfunction Premature ejaculation   Treatments for...  Impotence and STDs Contraception   Discussion  Contraception Sex and relationships Sexually transmitted diseases   Sex questions  I feel burning during intercourse Is 'pulling out' safe? Sex problems - who can help us? Sex objects - are they risky?   Relationship questions  Can you offer any advice for a broken heart? Love on the Internet I'm jealous of her past Is he having an affair?   Support groups  Broken Rainbow CAREconfidential Family Planning Association Institute of Family Therapy   News  Latest sex and relationships news  








Advertisement







 Home  / Sex and relationships&nbsp;/&nbsp;All about sex  




Facts about penis size

Written by&nbsp;Dr&nbsp;David&nbsp;Delvin, GP and family planning specialist&nbsp;and&nbsp;Christine&nbsp;Webber, psychotherapist
Even in this supposedly enlightened century, men fret about
		penis size. Though the vast majority of guys have more than enough bulk to
		perform well as lovers, there is a widespread masculine obsession that 'more
		would be better'.
We get a constant flow of emails and letters from males who are
		worried that they are 'too small'. Vast sums of money can be made by exploiting
		this obsession, but other than surgery, there is little that is clinically
		proven to increase penis size.
Any woman reading this article may find it puzzling that so many
		men are concerned about the length of their penis and wish they had 'just a
		couple of inches more'. But that's the way that a lot of men are. 
Size matters
 To the average man, his penis is, consciously or unconsciously,
		one of the most important things in the whole world. At an early age he
		discovers it and immediately becomes fascinated by it.
But then a note of uncertainty enters his mind: 'Isn't mine
		rather small?' Look at Dad's, look at big brother's, look at those in the men's
		changing room - and he asks himself if he will be as big as that.
And so he goes on through life, always a tiny bit sensitive
		about the size of his organ, always convinced that it would be nicer if it were
		just that little bit longer.
No matter how often it's written that penile size doesn't
		matter, and that women aren't attracted to a man because of the length of his
		organ, the average male continues to think the same way.
The average female cannot understand this obsession with penile
		measurement. So if you're a woman, never belittle a man's penis in bed, even as
		a joke, or say anything to indicate that you think it's small. The guy may take
		you seriously, and if he does, he'll be deeply hurt.
We have known men who have gone on to have problems with
		impotence (erectile
		dysfunction) after someone made an unthinking remark about their
		dimensions. But almost all of these men had a perfectly normal male organ. Each
		one just thought he was very small compared with other men.
It is also worth noting two points about women:

some women really dislike the idea of a large penis, and may be
		  frightened by one that is too long.
some women are much more impressed by the thickness of a penis,
		  rather than its length. This is because some females like the sense of feeling
		  stretched round the entrance to the vagina &ndash; so if a guy is quite broad at the
		  base of his penis, this can feel very exciting and satisfying to such
		  women

A question of perspective 
The trouble is that every man sees his own penis in a
		foreshortened view. The angle at which you look down inevitably makes your
		penis seem shorter than it is.
But when you glance at another man's organ, there's no such
		foreshortening effect, so very often it'll look as though the other guy is
		slightly better endowed. 
A lifetime of comparison of this sort (and virtually every male
		does a quick mental check on each naked man he sees) can easily make you feel a
		bit inadequate. But it's important to realise the facts about penis
		length.
Average penis length
 A non-erect penis usually measures between 8.5cm and 10.5cm
		(3-4 inches) from tip to base.
The average figure is about 9.5cm (3.75 inches), but this kind
		of precise measurement is rather valueless. Many factors can cause a temporary
		shrinkage of two inches or more, for instance cold weather or going swimming,
		so you needn't worry if you happen to fall short of the average
		figure.
Of course, it's true that some men have big penises and some
		have smaller ones, just as some men have small feet and some have big feet, but
		the measurement is not - repeat not - an index of virility.
Most people think that a tall man will usually have a large
		penis, but this is not entirely true. The distinguished American researchers
		Masters and Johnson measured the penile lengths of more than 300
		men.

The largest organ was 14 cm (5.5 inches) in the flaccid state.
		  It belonged to a slim man who was 5' 7" tall (170 cm).
The smallest penis measured 6cm (2.25 inches). It belonged to a
		  fairly heavily built man of 5' 11" (180cm).

 It's also worth pointing out that there is no correlation
		between penile size and race.
Average size of erections
We've talked about the length of the penis in its ordinary
		non-erect state, but how long should it be when it's erect?
Interestingly, most penises are very much the same size when
		erect.

The man whose non-erect penis is smallish will usually achieve
		  about a 100 per cent increase in length during sexual excitement.
The man whose non-erect penis is on the largish size will
		  probably manage about a 75 per cent increase.
This means the great majority of penises measure between 15cm
		  and 18cm (6-7 inches) when erect, with the average figure being about 16.5cm
		  (6.5 inches).

 So you can see that even if a man has got a 'small' penis, he's
		got a built-in compensating factor that will bring him up to about the same
		size as the guy who appears to be 'better equipped' in the shower
		room.
Sex and women
 Virtually every man forgets that it doesn't matter how long or
		how short your penis is, because the vagina will accommodate itself to any
		length.

The vagina of a woman who hasn't had a child is only 7.5cm (3
		  inches) long when she's not sexually excited. The figures for women who have
		  had babies are only slightly different.
Even when aroused, a woman's vagina usually extends only to a
		  length of about 10cm (4 inches).

 This means any man's penis will fill her vagina completely,
		unless you happen to be one of those rare guys with an erect penile length of
		less than four inches.
You're probably now wondering how the average man with an
		erection of six inches manages to insert his penis into the vagina at
		all.
The vagina has the most remarkable capacity for lengthening if
		something is introduced into it gradually.
So the exceptional man whose erect penis is eight inches long
		can still make love to any woman, providing he excites her properly and
		introduces his organ very slowly. If he does this, her vagina will lengthen by
		150 or 200 per cent to accommodate him.
What if I'm not happy about my penis size?
If you're really worried that your penis is the wrong size, go
		and see your doctor.
If you're not happy about consulting your GP on such an intimate
		matter, you could see one of the medics who spend their entire day checking
		men's penises. You can find these doctors at: 

private 'well-man' clinics, but take care: a few of these are
		  run by quacks
NHS urology clinics
NHS sexual medicine clinics
NHS genitourinary medicine (GUM) clinics
NHS family planning clinics, although these tend to be oriented
		  towards women and don&rsquo;t have much time to deal with males.
Brook advisory clinics (for the under 25s).

What treatments are there to increase penis size? 
Many companies claim they know how to enlarge your penis - for a
		price.
We have recently been to several medical conferences at which
		leading experts have spoken about penis size and penis enlargement.
Their opinions on the various methods that are so widely
		advertised to the public can be summed up as follows.

 Pills or patches for increasing penis size: a complete waste
		  of time.
Penile enlargement surgery: of uncertain value and sometimes
		  dangerous.
Penile enlargement exercises: probably pretty
		  futile.
Penile suction devices: probably of little use.

 Several European experts say that the relatively new stretcher
		or extender devices may sometimes be of value in giving a man a little extra
		length. 

Surgery to increase penis size
A number of private clinics now offer operations that claim to
		  make the penis look bigger. The expense of this type of surgery is very great
		  and there is a risk of complications like bleeding, infection or
		  deformity.
One surgical procedure that has become popular since 2005 is
		  slicing through the ligament that supports the penis.
This makes the penis dangle more, so it looks longer when not
		  erect. But it will make no difference to the size of your erection - and
		  furthermore it won&rsquo;t come up as high as it used to before the op.
Another type of surgery involves injecting your own fat into
		  your penis to make it more bulky. This may not work, and it can lead to
		  complications.
We recommend that you do not agree to undergo any surgery
		  unless you have seen an NHS consultant urologist who feels that you really need
		  penis enlargement
		  surgery. 


Penis stretchers (extenders) 
Some urologists are beginning to use a special extending frame
		  to try to stretch the penis.
These &lsquo;stretchers&rsquo; are small rectangular frames that you wear
		  on your penis for hours at a time, every day. They pull your organ out to its
		  maximum length, and the idea is that it will gradually remain
		  longer.
The devices are said to be undetectable under
		  trousers.
There have been several reports from Italy and Spain by
		  surgeons who claim a modest degree of improvement in length from this kind of
		  traction.
We don't think these devices are some sort of miracle
		  discovery, but one surgeon reported that a group of men achieved an average
		  increase in length of 1.8cm after using the device daily for four months. This
		  is less than three-quarters of an inch, but for some men this would be
		  significant.
Stretchers cost between &pound;150 and &pound;200.

What treatments are there to reduce penis size?
Occasionally, a man with a big penis feels that he wants it
		reduced in size. This can be done, but there is quite a risk that the operation
		might go wrong. 
Again, we advise you not to have this operation unless an NHS
		consultant urologist has said it is necessary.
Other people also read:


Penis size and enlargement
		  surgery: find out about the surgical and non-surgical penis enlargement
		  treatments.

The penis: how it
		  works.

Penile prostheses:
		  artifical supports for the penis.

Premature
		  ejaculation: one of the most common sexual problems.

Spots on the penis:
		  what could they be?



Last updated&nbsp;12.11.2008












			Advertisement
			

Experts in this section


A GP and family planning specialist, Dr David
			 Delvin is the author of 27 books and a regular guest on TV and
			 radio.

 Christine Webber is a columnist, TV and
			 radio agony aunt, and a qualified psychotherapist, known for her sound
			 advice.

 
		  Hair care assessment for
			 women


Use our hair care tool

In just a few minutes NetDoctor will provide you with a
			 guide to healthier hair.




Competitions and offers









Health alerts from NetDoctor



Follow us on Twitter
 
 Daily newsletter

Read all the latest health stories when you become a member
			 and sign up to the newsletter.




Sex and relationship forum posts

   Starting Mycrogynontoday at &nbsp;11:35	  			by Heytherexx    I dont understand whats going...today at &nbsp;11:15	  			by SnowWhite101    Wife hates sextoday at &nbsp;11:05	  			by SnowWhite101    Microgynon - no periodtoday at &nbsp;11:03	  			by Heytherexx    PLEASE HELP! Took only 14 of...today at &nbsp;08:18	  			by shineystar  





				        	Advertisement
			
Sex and relationships news

 Study shows benefits of HPV vaccine in boys   07-02-2011 Morning after pill 'linked to rise in STIs'   01-02-2011 Marriage 'good for health'   28-01-2011 Antioxidants may treat male fertility problems   19-01-2011 Charity seeks update to early medical abortion law   13-01-2011 

Sex and relationship features


Love after
				bereavement

Grief is a deeply personal process. But eventually, we're
			 likely to consider romance again. Find out why this isn't easy.




Looking for love?

 Relationship expert Christine Webber shares her top dating
			 tips.




Female
				ejaculation

The phenomenon of female ejaculation causes a great deal of
			 distress to many women and is much misunderstood.




Hot head

 Out of control anger can be terrifying to witness. Use
			 these 12 tips to stay in control.




The G-spot

 A fast track to orgasm or gynaecological myth? We look at
			 why this fabled female area is still far from proven.




Rocky road

Get the lowdown on 12 of the most common relationship
			 mistakes.




Too busy for
				love

More people are finding their sex life suffers because they
			 work too hard. Get expert advice on how to redress the balance. 




Heart aid

Find out how to get on the road to recovery after your
			 relationship ends.




Two's company

Whether it's a big occasion or just to show you care, our
			 experts share their top 12 tips for being romantic.




Online
				lust

 Experts say porn has become a huge factor in relationship
			 breakdown.




Improve your
				relationship

Apart from a fortunate few, all relationships will have
			 difficult periods that require hard work and understanding.




Orgasms for
				women

Prefer chocolate to sex? Read our guide and help yourself to
			 a healthier sex life.




Contraception

The Pill, mini-Pill, injection, coil, condoms, implants...
			 the list is long, and can make knowing which is best a difficult
			 task.




Sex
				therapy

Problems in your sex life can be daunting - fortunately,
			 help is never far away.




Premature
				ejaculation

It's one of the most common sexual problems and is more
			 usual in younger men. So what can you do? 








			Advertisement
			






   Diseases and conditions   Accidents and first aid Aches and pains ADHD Allergy and asthma Brain and nervous system Cancer Depression   Diabetes Digestive health Ear, nose and throat Erectile dysfunction Eyes Heart and blood Infections   Liver, kidney and urinary system Lungs Mouth and teeth Pregnancy and family Skin and hair    Healthy living   Beauty Children's health Complementary health Diet and nutrition Men's health   Parenting Recipes Seniors' health Sex and relationships Smoking, alcohol and drugs   Sports and fitness Teenage health Travel health Wellbeing Women's health    Health A-Zs   Diseases and conditions A - Z Examinations and tests A - Z   Medicines A - Z Support groups A - Z   Surgical and cosmetic procedures A - Z Videos A - Z    Health services   Ask the doctor Competitions and offers Discussion forums Get a quote for private treatment Health services guide   News News - behind the headlines Newsletters Online doctor service Pregnancy email service   StayQuit - 90-day stop smoking programme Test yourself Weight loss programme      About NetDoctor | Commercial opportunities | Disclaimer | Privacy policy | Contact us The materials in this web site are in no way intended to replace the professional medical care, advice, diagnosis or treatment of a doctor. The web site does not have answers to all problems. Answers to specific problems may not apply to everyone. If you notice medical symptoms or feel ill, you should consult your doctor - for further information see our Terms and conditions. Copyright 1998-2010 NetDoctor.co.uk - All rights reserved NetDoctor.co.uk is a trademark 











