DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
   Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Picture Sparks Rumors - The Hollywood Gossip   
      

      
        You are not signed in. Login or Register      Home Pictures Fashion Hairstyles Scandals Weddings Babies             
  Lady GaGaBioGossipPicturesVideos  Lady Gaga Hermaphrodite Picture Sparks Rumors   August 7th, 2009 12:44 PM by Free Britney  Tags: Lady GaGa   Is Lady Gaga a hermaphrodite? Put another way, does Lady Gaga have a penis? That seems very hard to believe, but hey, if you believe today's craziest batch of rumors and a grainy picture circulating online, well, then yes and yes! The photo below, taken from a video filmed at the Glastonbury festival in the UK, shows something between Lady Gaga&rsquo;s legs you would not expect. This must make her a hermaphrodite, right? Obviously! It's so obvious! Look at that ... who would have guessed she walks around with that thing?  Does this picture show that Lady Gaga is a hermaphrodite? According to the celeb news site Bossip, the "Poker Face" songstress once admitted she's a hermaphrodite, though no evidence of this is provided. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not something I&rsquo;m ashamed of, I just don't go around telling everyone,&rdquo; she said (supposedly). &ldquo;I have both male and female genitalia, but I consider myself female. It&rsquo;s just a little bit of a penis and doesn&rsquo;t interfere much with my life." Just a little bit of one? Do you still qualify as a hermaphrodite if it's just a miniature-sized one? How does that work exactly? We're confused. &ldquo;The reason I haven&rsquo;t talked about it is that it&rsquo;s not a big deal to me. Like come on. It&rsquo;s not like we all go around talking about our vags." "I think this is a great opportunity to make other multiple gendered people feel more comfortable with their bodies. I&rsquo;m sexy, I&rsquo;m hot." "I have both a poon and a peener. Big f**king deal.&rdquo; That's some quote, whether it was really her or just some over-caffeinated blogger who uttered it. Here's the video of the Lady Gaga "hermaphrodite" reveal. Check out the vantage point you get around the 1:10 mark ...        Lady Gaga at Glastonbury Festival So there you have it. Okay, that probably doesn't settle much of anything. But you have now seen the so-called hermaphrodite evidence. You can draw whatever conclusion you want from it. All that's left to do is vote below. What do you think? Is Lady Gaga a hermaphrodite?         Yes, you can totally see it!    No, it's just a crazy rumor.     View Results         Tweet Comments 829   Related Posts

Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" Released: React Now!
Lady Gaga Covers Vogue, Praises Family
Lady Gaga to Release New Single Friday
Lady Gaga: Nude, Skateboarding in Purple
Lady Gaga: The Mugler Fashion Show Remix
  


 
 829 Comments Next &raquo;  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 34     Mode'l February 4th, 2011 6:58 PM  Do me fucking now lady gaga!!! uh uh uh!!!oh yeah!!! just like that ohhhh!!! uh uh uh... FUck that feels so fucking good bitches!!     Mode'l February 4th, 2011 6:56 PM  Dang... Norinee! there is no need to get your big docta panties in a bunch girl!!!! and she does have a dick and i will suck it all nite... Im a lesbian....     Dr. Norinee Lopez  February 4th, 2011 6:54 PM  Sorry, I didnt mean to rite an intire paragrah on that subject.... Please contact me at: 18000- leave lady gaga alone!     Dr. Norinee Lopez February 4th, 2011 6:52 PM  It is clearly impossible for Stephani Germanota to still be alive.... Hermaphrodites only live unitil the adolensence part od the human body where the stage of public hair is grown and the menstrul cycle....And for all you Dumbasses on this website, Adolensence is PUBERTY. You see, I've worked with this type of gender lecture before and sometimes can not be pretty....Ang I am Lady Gaga's Gyno and I HAVE seen everything down there and it is all female.. there is no sign of male organs anywhere.... so everyone please continue to your everyday lives and leave this poor woman alone already...     SEXY BITCH FROM PLAYBOY February 3rd, 2011 7:16 PM  HI!!! IM CRYSTAL!I CANT BELEIVE LADY GAGA IS A HERMAPHRODITE!!! wow!     MARADETH February 3rd, 2011 7:13 PM  ALL YOU RETARDS DONT NO WHAT YOU BE TALKIN BOUT! LADY GAGA IS NOT A HERMAPHRODITE!!!!!.....she's a lesbo(speaking quitly...) OH AND,, WHO LET THE 11 YEAR OLD ON THE SITE AGAIN!!!     Kapri February 3rd, 2011 7:01 PM  ummmmm...... Im just 11 years old, but, lady gaga is my roll model! she is awsome and she means every thing to me.... I dont care if she even has a problem with her sexualality...Lady gaga rocks and I will always beleive in her... o everyone stop Using curse words because theres a kid here!! HELLO! AM I AN ALEIN OR SOMETHING TO YOU PEOPLE!?     Marco moncada January 26th, 2011 11:37 PM  I would fuck lady gaga i dont give a shit if she has a dick she is one hot bitch i would do everything to her     mema January 21st, 2011 12:43 AM  Look ok who the fuck cares if she got a bat or a crunch mind ya biz     mema January 21st, 2011 12:35 AM  i think her music and talents are great it doesnt matter who she is really . I just dont like her dressin its f.....ckin wierd i mean come on she puts on meat and other wierd crap her music its awsome but the dressin no but to each its own everyone has they own way of dressin    Next &raquo;  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 34 
    Leave a Comment  Login with Facebook  You are posting as a guest. To post as a user, please Login or Register. Name:  E-Mail:   Remember My Info  Your Comments No need for HTML formatting, we insert line breaks. Allowed tags: &lt;b&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;a&gt;   
  


        What's Hot!New Gaga. Listen Now.Jersey Shore Recap: 25 Points!Tonya Harding and Joseph Price: Expecting!Ashlee and Pete: Behind the SplitEliza Kruger Pic: Mark Sanchez's GF!Dina Lohan on Lindsay Woes: God Has a PlanSign up for our NewsletterE-Mail Address:        Featured VideosX-Men: First Class TrailerKim Kardashian Freezes at Prince ConcertStefano Langone AuditionMore Videos &raquo;  Who's Hot!Britney SpearsKim KardashianZac EfronMiley CyrusSpencer PrattRobert PattinsonAdam LambertTaylor LautnerTaylor SwiftKate GosselinJustin BieberBristol PalinMegan FoxLindsay LohanWillow SmithKate MiddletonMore Celebrities &raquo;
THG On Facebook





Archives February 2011 January 2011 2010 Archives 2009 Archives 2008 Archives 2007 Archives 2006 Archives
       Submissions? Questions? Looking to advertise?
About Us | Advertising Info | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  &copy; 2011 The Hollywood Gossip - a celebrity gossip and news site.   
 
 


 


 

  
